docs(container): add related component tips (#7664)
yamada-ui/yamada-ui: www/contents/components/(components)/container.mdx

</Container.Root>
```

:::tip

> If you want to group and display related information with a card-like appearance, consider using [Card](/docs/components/card).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to group and display related information with a card-like appearance, use [Card](/docs/components/card).
```
